---
author: Greenjam94
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2015-09-13T16:11:57Z"
guid: http://blog.greenjam94.me/?p=125
id: 125
tags:
- blog.greenjam94.me import
title: Hanging at a2y.asm
url: /a2y-asm-2015/
xyz_smap:
- "1"
---

Yesterday, I was at [Arbsec’s a2y.asm](http://www.arbsec.org/a2y.asm) “(as in Ann Arbor / Ypsilanti assembly) \[which\] is a mini-conference aimed at showcasing presentations on hacking and computer security-related topics by practitioners, researchers, etc. in/around the greater Ann Arbor area.” It’s a small, local, group of Michigan infosec people and it was a lot of fun. The venue was Bona Sera, a nice bar with a basement level big enough for all of our activities. The sponsors were [Duo](https://www.duosecurity.com/), [Optiv](https://www.optiv.com/), and [Threatbutt](http://threatbutt.com/) and they had some pretty cool swag like stickers, buttons, pens, and playing cards.

The mini-con was only on Saturday, but we still packed in a lot of talks. It started at 11am and went to 6pm. For those of you that went, I was the kid sitting in the front row with a note pad trying to learn everything and anything about security so I was scribbling away the whole time. Here are a couple points from each talk.

## Phishing Higher Education

A talk about phishing EMU faculty and what was learned

- Who cares? People skip, ignore, or click blindly. A lot of users just don’t seem to care about the risk of the e-mails and the links inside them.
- Don’t Threaten. E-mails like “We have your accounts, click this or we post bad things” just don’t work.
- Sometimes people just don’t check their e-mails. Not every attempt will get a response, people go on vacation or are out of office, sometimes a phishing campaign won’t get as many hits as usual.
- Emotion – Use convincing, moving, or aggravating content to get users to swallow the bait, things that got people riled up had a higher percentage of success.
- Greed and Fear. People also click for money or to avoid something that will make their life harder. Go figure.
- Food! Mom always said the fastest way to someone’s heart was through their stomach, that works for phishing campaigns as well.

## Real word TLS

What is it and how to break it

- TLS is old, use SSL
- It’s not perfect: Logjam, FREAK, POODLE, and Heartbleed are all recent examples of how it fails
- Start using Zmap to try and detect other issues before they become major

## Your network diagram is wrong &amp; how to deal with it

How hackers get in and how to cope with flaws

- Diagrams are always missing something, companies grow too fast and documentation slips. That’s where hackers get in.
- Security Operations need to focus on policy and implementation, not just products and band-aids
- Both blue and red team need to consider a network’s architecture, so a correct diagram is important

## Hidden in plain sight

technical details of the backdooor for DUAL\_EC\_DRBG psuedo-random number generator

- Elliptic curve crypto provided by NIST has a backdoor
- A “key” allows a outsider to decrypt the encryption, and it’s assumed the provider (NIST) has that “key”
- Simplifying it to produce a weakened version of this prng to attack for yourself as a test case that a backdoor exists.

## WiFi intrusion detection using Raspberry Pis

Using raspberry pis with kismet and airodump to triangulate intrusive hotspots and devices.

- 1/4 the price of a similar professional set up
- Verifies interference, finds intruders, solves user problems
- Limited by hardware specs: runs on the same bus (slow) and limited scanning range (A/AC wifi only)

## Malware on medical devices

Just because it’s not a laptop, doesn’t mean you can’t hack it

- Hospital equipment is hackable, there’s outdated or no security on most devices
- IoT innovations vs Security: devices are more at risk as things get connected
- Hospitals are one of the biggest examples of lacking security and the risks that could arise.

## Plugin Support in mitmproxy

MITMProxy is a popular open source Python-based HTTP(S) interception proxy

- Speaker has made plugins to configured and trigger mitmproxy
- visual presentation of information
- run actionable scripts
- configurable options for settings

## Hacking IoT Baby Monitors

Even babies aren’t safe from hackers

- The top 9 IoT monitors are hackable in multiple ways, even the expensive ones
- Even you can reverse engineer code on hardware, try a Pomona clip or bus pirate
- Firmware is usually more open than secure, telnet is probably open for example
- Web APIs aren’t that secure either, don’t forget XSS and default passwords.

Disclaimer: Some information was copied directly from [a2y.asm](http://www.arbsec.org/a2y.asm) however all comments and thoughts are my own interpretation of the talks. This is in no way a complete summary of the conference, I wasn’t able to understand everything 😛